first 3 chapters updates, minor updates, mainly screenshots (#3679)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: source/docs/training_manual/processing/intro.rst

Introduction
============

> This guide describes how to use QGIS processing framework. It assumes no

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide describes how to use the QGIS processing framework. It assumes no
```

> previous knowledge of the processign framework or any of the applications that

Reviewer 2: old typo
```suggestion
previous knowledge of the processing framework or any of the applications that
```

> it relies on. It assumes basic knowledge of QGIS. The chapters about scripting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
it rely on. It assumes basic knowledge of QGIS. The chapters about scripting
```

assume you have some basic knowledge of Python and maybe the QGIS Python API.

This guide is designed for self-study or to be used for running a processing
workshop.

Examples in this guide use QGIS 3.4. They might not work or not be available in

> versions other than that ones.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
versions other than that one.
```

This guide is comprised of a set of small exercises of progressive complexity.

> If you have never used the processing framework, you should start from the very

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have never used the processing framework, you should start from the
```

beginning. If you have some previous experience, feel free to skip lessons. They

> are more or less independent from each other, and each one introduces some new

Reviewer: ```suggestion
are more or less independent of each other, and each one introduces some new
```

> concept or some new element, which is indicated in the chapter title and the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
concept or some new element, as indicated in the chapter title and the
```

short introduction at the beginning of each chapter. That should make it easy to
locate lessons dealing with a particular topic.

For a more systematic description of all the framework components and their

> usage, it is recommended to check the corresponding chapter in the QGIS manual.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
usage, it is recommended to check the corresponding chapter in the user manual.
```

Use it as a support text along with this guide.

> All the exercises in this guide use free data set that can be downloaded from

Reviewer 2: May I suggest we avoid direct link here and refers to the [data section](https://docs.qgis.org/testing/en/docs/training_manual/foreword/foreword.html#data) at the beginning of the training manual? It's one more click for the reader but it's one less link to keep updated for writers, and translators if we change the branch or the repo in the future.
Something like (feel free to reword)
```suggestion
All the exercises in this guide use the same free dataset used throughout the
training manual and referenced at section :ref:`data_downloadlink`.
```

> All the exercises in this guide use free data set that can be downloaded from

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All the exercises in use the free datasets that are used throughout the
training manual and referenced in section :ref:`data_downloadlink`.
```

> the `QGIS website <https://qgis.org/downloads/data/>`_. The zip file to download

Reviewer 2: Any idea the zip data concerned (there are two datasets in the link)? Are these data not moved to the qgis-training manual data repository?

Author: you are right, link changed

> the `QGIS website <https://github.com/qgis/QGIS-Training-Data/archive/v2.0.zip>`_. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
